Create ui-c8y-1018-503-82-uploading-package-versions-via-ui-now-take-the-correct-limit-graft.md (#1991)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1018-503-82-uploading-package-versions-via-ui-now-take-the-correct-limit-graft.md

---
date: ""

> title: The package version upload limit via the user interface has been increased.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Package version upload limit via UI has been increased
```

> title: Package version upload limit via UI has been increased to match the default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Package version upload limit via UI increased to match the default
```

> title: Uploading package versions via UI now take the correct limit. [GRAFT][release/y2024] (#6193)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Increased package version upload limit in user interface
```

> title: Uploading package versions via UI now take the correct limit. [GRAFT][release/y2024] (#6193)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: The package version upload limit via the user interface has been increased.
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-58818
version: 1018.503.82
---

> Uploading package versions via UI now take the correct limit. [GRAFT][release/y2024] (#6193)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
Previously, the user interface incorrectly limited the number of package versions that could be uploaded in one request. This has now been fixed to match the intended higher limit. Users can now successfully upload a larger number of package versions in one request through the user interface, making the process more efficient and convenient.
```

> Uploading package versions via UI now take the correct limit. [GRAFT][release/y2024] (#6193)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Previously an incorrect limit of 6 package versions could be uploaded via the user interface. It is now possible to upload a higher number of package versions. The limit is 20 by default. 
```

> Previously an incorrect limit of 6 package versions could be uploaded via the user interface. This has now been fixed to match the intended higher limit. The limit is 20 by default. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of package versions that could be uploaded via the UI was incorrectly limited to 6. This has been fixed to match the default limit of 20 package versions. 
```
